It's a piece of cake.
It's very easy to do.
Break a leg.
Good luck.
Hit the nail on the head.
You got it exactly right.
The ball is in your court.
It's your decision now.
Bite the bullet.
Face a difficult situation bravely.
Burn the midnight oil.
Work late into the night.
Caught between a rock and a hard place.
In a difficult situation with no easy solution.
Don't cry over spilled milk.
Don't waste time worrying about things
that can't be changed.
It's not rocket science.
It's not difficult to understand.
A blessing in disguise.
Something that seems bad at first but
turns out to be good.
A dime a dozen.
Very common and not special.
Barking up the wrong tree.
Pursuing a mistaken or misguided course
of action.
Let the cat out of the bag.
Reveal a secret.
The early bird catches the worm.
Those who act promptly have an advantage.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
There's something good in every bad situation.
Put all your eggs in one basket.
Risk everything on a single venture.
Go the extra mile.
Make a special effort.
Under the weather.
Feeling ill or unwell.
Take it with a grain of salt.
Don't take it too seriously.
On thin ice.
In a risky situation.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Don't disturb a situation as it is.
The best of both worlds.
An ideal situation.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Being too inquisitive can lead to trouble.
Going from a bad situation to a worse one.
Actions speak louder than words.
What you do is more important than what
you say.
Bite off more than you can chew.
Take on a task that is way too big.
Throw in the towel.
Give up or surrender.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
People tend to envy others' situations.
An arm and a leg.
Very expensive.
All bark and no bite.
Someone who talks tough but isn't aggressive.
The elephant in the room.
A big issue that everyone ignores.
Jump on the bandwagon.
Join a popular activity or trend.
Knock on wood.
Say something to avoid bad luck.
Let the chips fall where they may.
Accept the consequences of your actions.
A penny for your thoughts.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
Don't judge based on appearance.
Hit the road.
Leave or start a journey.
In hot water.
In trouble.
To have a chip on your shoulder.
Hold a grudge.
The sky's the limit.
There's no limit to what you can achieve.
Throw caution to the wind.
Take a risk.
Get out of hand.
Keep your chin up.
Stay positive.
Put your best foot forward.
Make a good impression.
Make a long story short.
Tell something briefly.
The tip of the iceberg.
A small part of a much larger problem.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can't have it both ways.
Make ends meet.
Manage to live on a budget.
Caught red -handed.
Caught in the act of doing something wrong.
All in the same boat.
Everyone is facing the same challenge.
The straw that broke the camel's back.
A minor action that causes a major reaction.
A taste of your own medicine.
Every rose has its thorn.
Good things have their drawbacks.
Put the cart before the horse.
Do things in the wrong order.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't risk everything on one venture.
See eye to eye.
Agree on something.
Speak of the devil.
The person we were just talking about appeared.
The pot calling the kettle black.
A fish out of water.
A person in an uncomfortable situation.
Cut to the chase.
Get to the point.
Under the radar.
Not attracting attention.
Out of the blue.
Unexpectedly.
All in a day's work.
Something that is expected as part of the job.
It takes two to tango.
Both parties involved are responsible.
Start a project with enthusiasm.
Too good to be true.
Something that seems wonderful but
probably isn't.
Out of your league.
Beyond your capabilities.
A leopard can't change its spots.
People can't change their character.
The ballpark figure.
An estimated range.
Burning the candle at both ends.
Working too hard without rest.
Betray someone for your benefit.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Don't assume success before it happens.
Hitting the nail on the head.
Describing exactly what is causing a situation.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Be wary of those who may do you harm.
The whole nine yards.
Everything, all the way.
Get your act together.
Organize yourself.
Know the ropes.
Understand how things work.
Barking up the wrong tree.
Pursuing a mistaken course of action.
Sitting on the fence.
Not making a decision.
Fell through the cracks.
Something that was overlooked.
It's not the end of the world.
Don't worry, it's not that serious.
It's all in your head.
The problem is psychological.
A hard nut to crack.
A difficult problem.
Jump the gun.
Act prematurely.
On the same wavelength.
Have a similar understanding.
Cry over spilled milk.
Worry about something that cannot be changed.
A stitch in time saves nine.
Fix a small problem before it becomes a
big one.
The writing's on the wall.
There are signs of trouble ahead.
Cut corners.
Do something in the easiest way.
Reining cats and dogs.
Reining heavily.
Get a taste of your own medicine.
Experience the same treatment you give others.
Between a rock and a hard place.
Facing two difficult choices.
On cloud nine.
Extremely happy.
The whole shebang.
The entire situation or collection of things.
Take credit for someone else's achievements.
Get down to brass tacks.
Focus on the essentials.
A flash in the pan.
A one -time success that doesn't last.
Burn the bridges.
Eliminate the possibility of returning.
Jumping for joy.
Extremely happy.
At the end of the day.
Ultimately.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Get the ball rolling.
Start something.
Put your money where your mouth is.
Support your words with action.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Saving money is as important as earning it.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A person who doesn't settle down won't
accumulate wealth or responsibilities.
Betrayed by someone trusted.
Like finding a needle in a haystack.
Extremely difficult to find something.
A wolf in sheep's clothing.
Someone who pretends to be harmless but
is dangerous.
The calm before the storm.
A quiet period before chaos.
What's the matter?
I didn't see that coming.
That's on me.
We'll figure it out.
I can't believe it.
What do you think?
Let me get back to you.
I'm not sure about that.
It sounds like a plan.
Are you okay?
I need some time to think.
That's a good point.
Don't worry about it.
It's not a big deal.
I'm really busy right now.
Can you give me a hand?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What are you up to?
How was your day?
It's been a long time.
I'll take care of it.
Could you repeat that?
That's interesting.
What happened next?
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm feeling a bit under the weather.
Can you believe that?
Let's get started.
It's time to go.
I'm here for you.
Let's catch up soon.
I'll see you later.
I'm really tired today.
I don't understand.
Just a moment, please.
What are your plans?
I'm just trying to help.
Can you keep a secret?
I've had a long day.
Do you want to grab a bite?
I didn't mean to offend you.
Let's stay in touch.
It's not what it looks like.
I'll find out for you.
It's all good.
That makes sense.
I'm really proud of you.
Can I borrow this?
That's the way it goes.
I can't wait to see you.
I need your advice.
How do you feel about that?
I'll figure it out later.
What's your favorite movie?
It's a little complicated.
I didn't know that.
It's better late than never.
I didn't think about that.
That sounds good to me.
Can you believe it?
I think we should go.
I hope you have a great day.
Let's take a break.
It's a win -win situation.
I'm excited for the weekend.
What are you working on?
I need a favor.
Let's not jump to conclusions.
I'm not feeling well.
What brings you here?
Can we talk later?
I need some help.
It's nice to see you.
Let me know what you think.
I appreciate your understanding.
I'm glad you're okay.
What's going on?
I can't believe my eyes.
I'd love to join you.
What do you mean by that?
Can I get you something?
I didn't think that would happen.
I hope you feel better soon.
You have a point.
That's exactly what I needed.
Can you help me out?
It's always good to see you.
I didn't expect that.
What do you want from me?
I'll let you know.
I'm really grateful for your help.
That's just how it is.
I'm really enjoying this.
I can't help but feel.
What's your opinion on this?
I'm working on it.
I think we're making progress.
How did that happen?
I'll be right back.
It's been a while.
I need to take a break.
I'm in a bit of a rush.
I wish I could help more.
What's your favorite hobby?
I didn't know you felt that way.
I'm sorry, but I can't.
I'm glad to hear that.
What's the plan for today?
I'll make it work.
How was your weekend?
Can you show me?
I'm not really sure.
What time do you want to meet?
It doesn't matter.
I'm trying to stay positive.
Let's make it happen.
I think we should talk.
Can we take a moment?
What are you thinking?
I'm sorry for the confusion.
It was nice chatting with you.
What's your favorite book?
I can't get enough of this.
I'm feeling overwhelmed.
I'll keep that in mind.
How about we do it later?
What's your take on this?
I think you'll like it.
I'm really busy at the moment.
What are we going to do?
It's good to know.
I've been thinking about you.
Can you pass me that?
I appreciate your help with this.
What do you expect me to do?
I hope you have a great time.
It's always a pleasure to see you.
What do you want to talk about?
I didn't realize that.
I think it's time to go.
What's your favorite restaurant?
I'm feeling a bit off today.
Can we talk about this later?
I appreciate your honesty.
What are you excited about?
I'll have to check my schedule.
I didn't think I'd like it.
It's hard to say.
What's the best way to do this?
Let's grab a coffee sometime.
I'll give it a shot.
What's your biggest goal?
I'm really happy for you.
Let's take it step by step.
I'll do my best.
What do you want to achieve?
I'm really looking forward to it.
Can we meet halfway?
I can't thank you enough.
I'm all ears.
It's not what I expected.
What's your opinion on that?
I appreciate the offer.
What do you enjoy doing?
It's a little tricky.
What are your thoughts?
I can't make it today.
Let's keep in touch.
I hope that works for you.
I'm looking for a way to...
What do you
need help with?
I'm trying my best.
It's worth a shot.
What's your biggest challenge?
I appreciate your perspective.
It's been a pleasure working with you.
I didn't see that coming at all.
How do you plan to do that?
I think it's important.
I'm not sure where to start.
I'd like to hear your thoughts.
Can we brainstorm together?
What are we waiting for?
I'm feeling optimistic.
I'd like to get your feedback.
It's all part of the process.
I'll look into it.
I appreciate your support.
What's the next step?
I'm excited to see you.
I'll be thinking about it.
I can't stop thinking about...
What do
you think about this idea?
I'm here if you need me.
What are your thoughts on that?
I'll figure something out.
I'm not a fan of that.
It's important to stay focused.
What's on your mind?
I didn't catch that.
Can we start over?
I'm really proud of what we accomplished.
I think we're on the same page.
I appreciate your patience.
How do you feel about that?
It's good to see you again.
I didn't realize how much I missed this.
What are we doing next?
It's just a matter of time.
I'm feeling really motivated.
I'd like to discuss this further.
What do you want to achieve with this?
It's a great opportunity.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
Can we talk about this later?
I'm really enjoying this experience.
What's the best approach?
I'd like to hear more about that.
I'm working on improving my skills.
Can you clarify that for me?
It's a tough decision.
What's the first step?
I'll make sure to follow up.
I appreciate your enthusiasm.
What do you want to get out of this?
It's been an eye -opening experience.
How can I assist you?
I'm trying to stay organized.
Let's make it work.
I'm looking forward to our conversation.
What's your ultimate goal?
I'm really grateful for your input.
I'm here to help you.
What's the main issue?
I'll help you however I can.
I didn't think about it that way.
It's always good to learn something new.
What are your expectations?
I appreciate your dedication.
It's a valuable lesson.
Can we go over that again?
I'm excited to explore this further.
I'll keep you posted.
What's your strategy?
I didn't expect to learn this much.
How do you want to proceed?
I'm working on my presentation.
Let's wrap this up.
I appreciate your creativity.
What's your perspective?
I'm feeling a bit lost.
What are the next steps?
I'm committed to making this work.
I'd like to stay connected.
It's a learning opportunity.
What's the key takeaway?
I didn't think it would be so challenging.
How do you see this progressing?
I'm really enjoying the process.
Can we brainstorm some ideas?
What's your vision for this?
I appreciate your insight.
It's important to be open -minded.
What's the most important factor?
I'm looking for solutions.
Can we take a break?
I appreciate your feedback.
What are your priorities?
I didn't expect that outcome.
How can we improve?
I'm committed to this project.
What's the main goal?
I'm excited to collaborate.
I appreciate your hard work.
What are we trying to achieve?
It's a great start.
Can we meet to discuss this?
I'm really happy with the progress.
What's your approach?
Set some goals.
I appreciate your support throughout this.
What's the most challenging part?
I'm here to help you succeed.
It's important to celebrate our wins.
What's the biggest lesson learned?
I'm feeling inspired.
Can we have a follow -up meeting?
I appreciate your willingness to help.
What's your plan for the future?
I'm excited to tackle this together.
It's a fantastic opportunity for growth.
How can we make this better?
I appreciate your time and effort.
What's the next challenge?
I'm committed to continuous improvement.
What's your biggest takeaway?
It's great to have your perspective.
I didn't expect to enjoy this so much.
How do you plan to implement this?
I appreciate your understanding of the situation.
What's the best way to move forward?
I'm looking for feedback on this.
It's been a rewarding experience.
Can we schedule a follow -up?
I appreciate your enthusiasm for this project.
What's the most effective strategy?
I'm excited to learn more.
How do you want to celebrate our success?
I appreciate your openness to ideas.
What's your main focus right now?
I didn't expect to gain so much insight.
How can we collaborate effectively?
What's your biggest concern?
I'm looking to improve our communication.
It's a great opportunity for collaboration.
How can we maximize our efforts?
I appreciate your commitment to excellence.
What's the most important takeaway?
I'm excited about the possibilities.
Can we review our goals?
I appreciate your constructive criticism.
What's the best way to share information?
Moving forward to our next steps.
How do you see this unfolding?
I appreciate your proactive approach.
What's the main obstacle?
I didn't expect to face so many challenges.
How can we enhance our teamwork?
I appreciate your attention to detail.
What's the best way to approach this?
I'm excited to see where this leads.
Can we touch base on this later?
I appreciate your input on the matter.
What's the biggest advantage?
I'm looking for innovative solutions.
It's a great opportunity for learning.
How do you feel about the progress?
I appreciate your dedication to the project.
What's the most critical issue?
I didn't think it would turn out this well.
How can we improve our efficiency?
I appreciate your willingness to collaborate.
What's the main objective?
I'm excited to see the results.
Can we discuss this further?
I appreciate your thoroughness.
What's your biggest challenge right now?
I'm looking forward to the next steps.
How can we support each other?
I appreciate your positive attitude.
What's the most valuable lesson learned?
I didn't expect to find so much value.
How do you want to approach this project?
I appreciate your willingness to adapt.
What's the key focus moving forward?
I'm excited to dive deeper into this.
Can we brainstorm some solutions?
I appreciate your constructive feedback.
What's the most pressing issue?
I'm looking for effective strategies.
It's a valuable learning experience.
How do you want to proceed?
I appreciate your flexibility.
What's the main challenge ahead?
I didn't expect this to be so rewarding.
How can we achieve our goals?
I appreciate your commitment to success.
What's the best way to tackle this?
I'm excited about the journey ahead.
Can we have a brainstorming session?
I appreciate your dedication to the team.
What's the most important factor in this?
I'm looking forward to collaborating further.
How can we streamline our efforts?
I appreciate your input and suggestions.
What's the biggest opportunity here?
How do you envision this project?
I appreciate your hard work and effort.
What's the most effective way to communicate?
I'm excited about the potential impact.
Can we set some benchmarks?
I appreciate your insight and perspective.
What's the key challenge we face?
I didn't expect to find such great insights.
How can we enhance our collaboration?
What's the most significant takeaway from this?
I'm looking forward to the outcome.